hello people of YouTube this is Gabriel
here and today I will be doing a
tutorial of how to change your skin on
minecraft cracked so first thing you
need to do have my craft second thing
you need to do go to this website if you
can't see it right now and the link
would be in the description so once you
get to this website MC skin search
called MC skin search calm no caps lock
and stuff it's on not even WW so if the
if the leg go around and pick any skin
you want so good browse then but go to
further down pages because most of these
are already being used and if it's
already being used then you can't use it
so look for a skin or maybe this page
369 7 yes that's what the page this
looks cool maybe yeah I'll try out this
one actually nah I didn't see one one
that's not like being used which one do
you think's not being used
hey guys let's see I guess nobody would
use this dicks McGee ok write down the
name it has to be the exact name can't
change anything about it or else this
won't work
so where is it where is that guy dicks
ok oh there you go you disappear it just
peered off into the sunset
okay there's sir it's no capitals there
whatever has capitals and then you do it
so this doesn't have capitals so dick
smoggy so then after you pick one from
here then you have to have minecraft
clothes by the way then you go into your
Minecraft
yeah my craft the beauty of the single
block floating into the so yeah my my
craft name is Mick creature I have a
skin on it okay so then I said Bendix
Magee Dix MA yeah and I enter the game
and this is very easy to do mold young
yes those thought that that's like a
wave or salamander thingy bending yes
then you go and this works on
single-player and multiplayer so then
you go on for multiplayer and I'll just
do this one cuz it's April Fool's so
they set up I crafts last day so then uh
I'll just do yeah actually
so then you did slash reg is tur you do
slash register and then space and then
what you want your password to be I'll
do frog practices oh I need to do my
email yeah for some some reason it just
does that all right I just a frog and
then act right what's my email game oh
yeah modern warfare 2 guy it's very bad
email yes act G mail.com okay enter and
it says you may now log in using slash
log and then then your password so
whatever you choose to be your password
then you do a lot of slash log in space
and then your password like mines frog
then you do enter and then as you can
see I have my skin plus backwards see
this is the back of me this is the five
me
it's pretty insane pretty insane stuff
so yeah now I'm backwards Steve so yeah
and I will show you that this also works
in the single-player as you wouldn't
know you go into this huh yes yes and we
can figure it with me else as you can
see it's the backwards Steve
yeah I'm just telling you I have done
this one I gave myself a bunch of XP
sharpest efficiency smite and braking
efficiency efficiency fortune yeah for
some reason Woodside's when you enchant
them they get the most stuff just run a
smite for fire aspect to knock back to
looting theory yeah bunch of stuff I
hope you guys found for this to be
helpful and have a good day subscribe
like away comment favorite all that crap
my